Hi, my name is Michèle Elliott.
I am a Mi'kmaq woman whose maternal lineage comes from Nova Scotia.
I was raised in North Bay on Algonquin Territory.
My father comes from Algonquin and French heritage.
I moved to Ottawa at 18, which is also an Algonquin territory.
This is where I became more involved and connected to the Algonquin culture.
My life has always been about helping others.
And since I've been in government over 14 years ago, it's been about helping Indigenous employees on their career path.
I used to be the lead of two Indigenous developmental programs and would offer advice to our participants.
I would also provide career guidance to other employees and colleagues.
In 2017, I was lucky enough to be hired as the first Indigenous navigator
at First Nations and Inuit Health Branch within Indigenous Services Canada.
I was assisting Indigenous employees in the navigation of their careers by offering advice and guidance,
as well as by helping them find staffing opportunities and being successful on staffing processes.
A few years after that, I was telling others about my dream to develop an Indigenous Career Navigators' Program
and to implement navigator roles in all departments and agencies
so that all Indigenous employees across government could benefit from these services.
Well, I am happy to say that my dream has come true.
Navigators have been selected in some departments, and others are currently being selected.
Training for navigators started this April 2022.
All navigators will be part of the Indigenous Career Navigators' Circle, which will meet once a month
to share best practices and to support one another as we support our Indigenous employees.
I am so grateful to everyone who has supported me in my efforts to increase the recruitment,
the retention and the advancement of Indigenous Peoples.
Supporting Indigenous employees in a cultural and safe environment is so very important to me.
I am happy that the federal government gives me the opportunity to do just that.
Thank you so much.